“Correct answer! Well done, looks like you do have something inside that thick skull of yours after all! You are indeed worthy enough to pass through my land and find the conclusion to your quest,” he says approvingly.

You can’t believe your luck. For once, you actually guessed right! Giddy with delight, you shake the wizard’s hands enthusiastically. With a new spring in your step, you walk past the hut and the other skeletons. Soon enough you approach the end of the forest.

You look ahead and see that you’re still by the ocean. But there were waves this time and they crashed towards the shores, as if roaring in approval at your success. The sun was shining cheerfully. All looks well.

Up ahead awaits the same masked stranger you saw in the beginning of your quest. You approach him and see him taking his mask off.

You do a double take. It's not a man as you'd initially thought! The woman had dark skin, wide eyes, and a soft face. She beams down at you.

“Well done! You did very well in your quest!” she says happily.

You smile widely. “The parchment said this quest will help me find the fulfillment I seek. What does that mean?” you ask.

“Throughout this quest, you learned to trust your instincts even when your body and brain was aching to do the opposite. But you observed and listened to yourself. Your soul never lies to you, my dear. You will go through much in life, as one inevitably does. It will always be an ebb and flow of happiness, sadness, and anger. You will never be happy all the time. Similarly, you won’t be sad all the time. But the key to managing this ebb and flow and the key fulfillment is to follow your instinct. Learn to trust and listen to it. Hone this skill and you’ll find that your instinct will be the one thing that will never betray you.”

You gaze at the woman in wonderment. She smiles back at your expression and bows respectfully.

You bow back. You feel a renewed sense of purpose that fills you with a sense of peace and contentment.

THE END.