You stand your ground. Besides, you don’t even know if this apparent wizard is a threat.

“Hello,” you say tentatively. The wizard narrows his eyes and raises his wand even more. Behind him you see a small but well maintained hut. But in its front yard stood a pile of broken bones and skeletons. You take a deep breath and focus your eyes back on the wizard.

“You are entering my land. State your intention,” he said. He was wearing an emerald rich coloured robes and a matching hat. Although he looked to be around his thirties, his voice betrayed an older age.

“I come in peace. I am on quest to find fulfillment. I was given this parchment and set to follow this path,” you say calmly. You show him the parchment. The wizard waves his wand and summons the parchment onto his hands and reads it. He is a wizard!

“Ah I see,” he says. He looks at you up and down appraisingly. “You’re quite close to the finish of your quest. You’ve obviously trusted your intuition enough to get you this far. Hmm…and it looks like you’ve had your share of scares too judging by those bruises.

“Well let’s see if you have some wits about you too.”

You blink.

“Answer this riddle and you shall reach your goal, no less no more. If not, you shall perish for your crimes for trespassing.”

“Wait a minute! That’s not fair! I was only doing what I was asked – well no actually forced – to do!” you say indignantly.

The wizard shrugs. “You’re still trespassing on my land. You think you’re the only one who's been on this quest? This is part of it. You answer correctly, you pass. And if you don’t, you can join the others here,” he says nonchalantly, waving to the pile of skeletons on his right.

“But can’t I just walk away?”

“Nope. You still tried to trespass. And I do NOT forgive trespassers. You shall either answer correctly or perish with others. You can try to fight but it won’t end well,” he says eyeing your sword. “Do you agree to this deal?”

“Well, I don’t have a choice now do I?” you say, sighing.

The wizard smiles. “Well alright, you seem like a decent human. I will offer one hint should you ask for it. Here is the riddle,” he says pausing for dramatic effect.

“The more of me you take, the more of me you leave behind. What am I?”